I run hospitals not health spas two beds
to a room no exceptions there was a
survey once a thousand people asked if
they could know in advance would they
want to know the exact day of their
death how is that - the hell you 96% of
them said no oh good well lay the board
that was the first time I laid eyes on
Edward Cole I want my own room
you run hospitals not health spas two
beds to a room no exceptions the end if
I'm gonna spend the next three weeks
laying next to some b-boy my freshman
philosophy professor Silas exercise
called it a bucket list we're supposed
to make a list of all the things we want
to do in our lives before we kick the
bucket cutesie pointless now we could do
this we should do this
I hate y'all
is he insane depends you're gonna drive
it or buy it address yeah that's getting
to know each other
I don't understand how you can run off
with a total stranger I've got 45 years
greased up under the hood of a car I
think I've earned some time for myself
you get kids I don't see it's time why
are we yeah oh my god are you so afraid
of just because I told you my story does
not invite you to be a part of it dear
Edward there's no way I can repay you
for all you've done for me
so rather than try I'm just going to ask
you to do something else for me find the
joy in your life
you hate me
not yet
we live we die the wheels on the bus go
round and round
proud of you
nobody cares what you think
you